if I wasn't bluffing when I design of
the system efficiency I very hard
business
roach
I
you
Oh
that's fine
your influence the way I play that were
the one I can talk to Moulton this is
that what you want I'm trying yeah for
the Serena very variance in scale and it
to hit the market pretty good don't be a
little inseminate aquatic way and in the
end I'm sorry I'm solid yeah I'm sorry
too that's a challenge it's just a
normal penstemon we are in the money
with that meal was the magnitude help
you Bruce for dr. John defending for the
pin I'm sorry to all right that's what
you want I'm sorry for you thank you
happy you guys are so cool don't
apologize in my life I mean you know I
probably owe you launch it won't be a
focus don't need what you were doing
okay let's do the guy you knew you are
upsetting
you just continue this way you just one
is easier than me so it's busy just
simple way but otherwise then you can
get loose to go try and intimidate me
now all I'm asking you to stop thinking
and just go away you've apologized now
get the hell out of here oh please you
just got up and you just gonna cause
more trouble you do it now Donna Cassata
gruesome he threatened me know so that's
just for reckless
that's right so effective is too busy